Added example of ClientBuilder customization to readme (#255)
getsentry/sentry-symfony: README.md

Those listeners are `final` so not extendable, but you can look at those to know how to add more information to the 
current `Scope` and enrich you Sentry events.

#### Services configuration

> Services registered by the bundle (for example `ClientBuilder`) can be configured in several ways, one of them is by compiler pass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services registered by the bundle (the `ClientBuilder` in the example below) can be configured in several ways, one of them is by using a [compiler pass](https://symfony.com/doc/current/service_container/compiler_passes.html):
```
